Over Head Icon improvements (#1338)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

- Moved reset buttons onto the left (by @a7f3)
- Added ammo icons to the weapon switch HUD and player status HUD elements (by @EntranceJew)
- Changed the disguiser icon to be more fitting (by @TimGoll)
- Changed the way the role overhead icon is rendered (by @TimGoll)
  - It now tracks the players head position
  - Rendering order is based on distance, no more weird visual glitches

>   - Hidden when oberserving a player in their eyes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Hidden when observing a player in first person view
```
